(GH-2773) Document JSON output (#2817)
puppetlabs/bolt: documentation/json_output_reference.md

# JSON output

> Bolt output can be returned as JSON by specifying the `--format json` or `-Format json`

Reviewer: Or something, mostly just so *nix folks don't try `-Format json` :P

> command-line options. Bolt commands return JSON output with the following format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
command-line options. Bolt commands return JSON output guaranteed to have the following structures. Note that some commands may have additional data depending on if the command failed, whether the command was run with certain command-line options (like `--detail`), etc.
```

    upload is successful and `failure` otherwise.

  - `value` (object):
    The value returned by the upload.

    - `_output` (string):
      A human-readable message describing where the file was uploaded to on the
      target.

- `target_count` (number):
  The number of targets the file was uploaded to.

For example:

```json
{
  "items": [
    {
      "target": "nix",
      "action": "upload",
      "object": "files/configure.sh",
      "status": "success",
      "value": {
        "_output": "Uploaded 'files/configure.sh' to 'nix:./configure.sh'"
      }
    }
  ],
  "target_count": 1,
  "elapsed_time": 1
}

```

## `group show`

This command outputs an object. It uses the following keys:

- `count` (number):
  The number of groups in the inventory.

- `groups` (array of strings):
  The names of all groups in the inventory.

For example:

```json
{
  "count": 3,
  "groups": [
    "all",
    "linux",
    "windows"
  ]
}
```

## `guide`

This command outputs an object. It uses the following key:

- `topics` (array of strings):
  The list of available topics.

For example:

```json
{
  "topics": [
    "inventory",
    "logging",
    "module"
  ]
}
```

> ## `inventory show`

Reviewer: Hm, I think this is one of the trickier commands given the note about different forms of the command having different outputs, since `--detail` only has `targets` and `count`. Maybe including `adhoc` and `inventory` in a separate subheader that's explicitly without `--detail` is the simplest? I think the risk is that I suspect `inventory show --detail` is pretty useful, especially using JSON, and it'd be frustrating to see the keys documented but then have them not be in the output and not know why they weren't in the output.
